[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Our guest today
is investigative reporter Paola
Harris.
And she has been studying
extraterrestrial-related
phenomena since 1979, and has
traveled all over the planet
studying UFOs.
And recently, she went hunting
for giants in Sardinia.
Paola, welcome to Beyond Belief.
>>PAOLA HARRIS: It's
great to be here, George.
It's great to be with you.
>>NOORY: What's it like
to go giant hunting?
>>HARRIS: Well, it makes it
sound like it's a lot of fun.
But it all happened
serendipitously in 2009.
I happened to be doing a
conference in Sardinia.
And after the conference, a
farmer named Luigi Muscas said,
I want you to come out and--
>>NOORY: Luigi Musca?
>>HARRIS: Muscas.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>HARRIS: And he said,
come to my farm, he said,
because I have
something to show you.
And so I did.
And he introduced
me to his father
and his uncle, who are
no longer with us--
thank god I've got the photos.
And they told me an incredible
story about how, in the 1960s,
so many people, including
Luigi when he was a child,
discovered 15 foot-tall
skeletons complete in caves.
And within two years,
the authorities
came and took them all away.
>>NOORY: Aha!
>>HARRIS: And I said, well,
tell me something about this.
I know!
And he said, well, I was
coming home from school,
and all my classmates, we went--
with a couple of classmates,
we went into this cave.
And there was this 15
foot-tall skeleton.
Now, imagine the head.
Imagine, he said.
We would play with the arms.
We would pull the
tendons in the fingers.
And this was our
fun thing to do.
And since they were
about 12 years old,
they told their families.
And then the families
started looking on the land
and unearthed all
kinds of bones.
But I said, well, where's
all of this stuff?
And they said they came
and confiscated them.
And he said, a number
of farmers have
been threatened
with their lives,
because it is forbidden science.
It doesn't fit into
regular anthropology.
>>NOORY: Huh.
That's amazing.
Let's go back a
little bit, Paola.
You're an Italo-American
investigative reporter.
How did you get started
investigating UFOs?
>>HARRIS: Well, it was
one of those things.
I had a master's in education.
I was teaching English.
In 1979, they gave me a
class called science-fiction.
And "Close Encounters" came out.
>>NOORY: Uh-huh.
Great movie.
>>HARRIS: That's all it took.
>>NOORY: Great movie.
And the book, too.
>>HARRIS: Great movie.
And so I went to see
"Close Encounters,"
and I began to ask
who was behind it.
And they said, J. Allen Hynek
happened to be the consultant.
By accident, I was in a
wedding in Evanston, Illinois.
And I said to my family,
you don't come with me,
but I'm going over to the
Center for UFO studies
and look at their files
to see if this is real.
And there's J. Allen
Hynek with his pipe.
>>NOORY: Oh, perfect.
>>HARRIS: He had his pipe.
He comes out and he
says, my secretary
says you understand Italian.
And I said, yeah.
He said, well, you work with me.
And thought, work with you?
>>NOORY: It's like
a gift from God.
>>HARRIS: God.
That's how it started.
For-- until he died in '86,
he would come to Boulder,
I would drive him around.
We met in New Mexico.
I worked with the best
of the best, George.
I mean, he was an astronomer.
And he would--
>>NOORY: And a
skeptic who changed.
>>HARRIS: "Project
Blue Book," right--
who changed.
And he-- in the later
part of his life,
he began to connect the
phenomena with the paranormal,
as Jacques Bergier
does in all his books.
And he grew.
And the thinking
of the phenomenon
is more of the nuts and bolts.
In those days, I couldn't do it.
Because in those days,
nuts and bolts was safe.
I could put pins in maps, I
could look at the soil samples,
and do all that kind of stuff.
But today, I've gone way
past that, and I understand,
it is dimensional.
>>NOORY: Even though
you specialize
in investigating UFOs, you don't
consider yourself a ufologist.
>>HARRIS: No.
>>NOORY: You consider
yourself more
as an investigative reporter.
How come?
>>HARRIS: Well,
because a ufologist
has a preconceived notion
that you're dealing with UFOs.
And I'm an
investigative reporter.
So in my case--
because we're going
to cover a couple of cases
that are controversial.
It's my obligation
to look at all of it.
In some of these cases--
like the Billy Meier case.
People-- most of my colleagues
dissed the whole thing.
I have to see it
as a journalist.
I have to cover the story.
You can decide after if
it's real or not real.
But if you never
cover the story,
you don't have any
kind of concept.
You have gossip.
You have hearsay.
Everything in my
career I've ever done,
I have covered in
person, on location.
And you've called me, I know,
boots on the ground person.
I don't see how you could
do it any other way.
So as a journalist-- and Jaime
Maussan is like that, too.
He's got to cover everything.
For him to say "I don't
feel like doing that"
doesn't sound real.
I mean, how can you do that?
I don't feel like doing
that story because everyone
will criticize me.
That's what journalists do.
They cover the
story, and then you
decide-- and especially for
a scientist-- if it's real.
>>NOORY: What are a
couple of the UFO cases
that you've looked at that
are just overwhelming for you,
that you just love?
>>HARRIS: Well, the problem
is that they've come to me.
I've come to-- and the
50th anniversary of Roswell
introduced me to
Colonel Philip Corso.
And when I came from Italy,
I had no place to stay.
I was in panic mode
because my boss, Maurizzio,
wanted me to cover the story.
They told me at the
press club, they
said, just open up a phone
book and get a place.
I opened up the phone book.
There was one room
at Sally Port.
It was right next to
Colonel Philip Corso.
He was right next door.
>>NOORY: Really?
Right next to his room?
>>HARRIS: Yes.
And I didn't know that.
And what happened was
that I went to the museum.
He was doing a--
>>NOORY: Had his book come out?
>>HARRIS: His book--
>>NOORY: "The Day
After Roswell"?
>>HARRIS: That's why
everybody went there,
"The Day After Roswell."
Because that was a big party.
And Simon and Shuster had--
I mean, everybody was there.
John Mack was there.
Michael Hesemann was there.
Everybody in the world was--
Bud Hopkins, Linda Hopkins.
Everybody was there.
And what happened was
that I went to the museum.
I saw Colonel Corso doing
the press conference.
This blond guy in the audience
said, you're from Italy?
And I said yes.
He goes, ask my father
a question in Italian.
I said, you're Corso's son?
He said yes.
He said, he speaks Italian.
He was the head of
intelligence in 1945.
So I said, I'm too nervous,
because all of the cameras
are here.
And he took his hand and he
pushed me into the crowd,
and I had no choice.
In Italian, I asked him
about the Santilli footage--
about the alien--
>>NOORY: Ray Santilli.
That's right.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
The alien autopsy.
And he answered-- he said, look.
He said, it appears to
be real to me, he said,
because the taking off of
the lens of the being--
when you take off the
lens of the being,
there's an eyeball
underneath it.
He said, and I had that lens.
He said, I had that lens
as part of the artifacts
that we back-engineered
for night screening.
And then he said to somebody,
I want to speak to her.
And then he came up to me he
said, I want to talk to you.
And I didn't know he was
in the room next to me.
And from that point on, I
brought him to Italy twice.
I got to know him very well.
And my latest book is
called Conversations
with Colonel Corso.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>HARRIS: And it's
all audiotapes.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
Good guy.
And he wrote that
book with Bill Birnes,
which was a bestseller,
which really
changed the face of ufology
when it first came out.
>>HARRIS: It did.
Because, at that time,
I didn't know why
the secret was being secret.
I said, is it religion?
Are they worried that we're
going to have an invasion?
Are the aliens evil?
I mean, why?
>>NOORY: Did they
lose control of us?
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
So when I read the book, and
when he told me that the army--
he was in the army.
Now, the army and Air
Force split in 1948.
He's in the army.
The army got the
artifacts in the 1960s,
during the Kennedy
administration,
when he was with Trudeau.
He talked about,
in detail, how they
back-engineered that stuff.
So I thought, oh,
it's about money.
It's about back-engineering.
It's about technology.
That is the most--
that's probably the
most logical answer
why the secret is secret.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
And we were talking
about our colleagues--
Barbara Lamb is an expert in
hypnotherapy and investigating
people who have been abducted.
She had a chance to
talk with us about that.
>>NOORY: Barbara, what
would you say is happening?
I mean, these are wild things--
visitations, healings.
What do you think
the bottom line is?
What's the agenda here?
>>BARBARA LAMB:
Well, I think there
are many different agendas.
But the overall one is that
beings out there in space--
who we may know about
or may not know about--
they are very, very
interested in this planet.
>>NOORY: Wonder why.
>>LAMB: And in humanity.
>>NOORY: Are we that special?
>>LAMB: Well, one of
the extraterrestrials
told my clients that-- this came
out in channeling that she did.
This extraterrestrial
said that Earth
is a unique planet among
all of the planets in all
of the solar systems,
all of the universes,
because we have
more species of life
here on Earth than all
of the other planets
have species put together.
>>NOORY: Combined?
>>LAMB: Yes.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>LAMB: We have more on
this one small planet--
>>NOORY: We're the
hodgepodge of everything.
>>LAMB: Yeah.
And when you think about
it, we do have species,
and subspecies,
and sub-subspecies,
and oh, my goodness.
It's amazing.
>>NOORY: I've always
wondered that, though.
You're right.
We have the insect world, the
animal world, the human world.
There's so many-- the fish.
>>LAMB: The ocean world, yes.
We do.
The mammals, the
reptiles, the amphibians.
It goes on and on and on, So
that's one of the reasons.
Also, the Earth itself
has so many different
features that a lot of
the planets don't have.
And we have our oceans.
We have our lakes, our rivers--
>>NOORY: They don't have this?
>>LAMB: --our
mountains, our minerals.
We are rich in minerals that
some of the other planets
don't have, or don't
have as much as we do.
And they're very
interested in humans.
One of the reasons is because
we have so much more emotional
capability than most of the
other beings in existence.
>>NOORY: Paola, what do you
think of her assessment?
>>HARRIS: I think she's amazing.
She--
>>NOORY: Great work.
>>HARRIS: Great work.
And she's also accumulated
it over the years.
I think that's one of
the situations here,
but I also think that not
all of the visitations
are interplanetary.
I think we have a lot of
inter-dimensional activity,
a lot of paranormal activity,
which people can look at as--
that they shoved together
with the UFO phenomenon.
So it's all of it.
It's consciousness.
If I had to-- see, now, in
2020, my conferences that I do
are basically on consciousness.
On consciousness raising.
The consciousness is the glue
that puts together all of this.
This is a teaching mechanism
for the human being
to know who he is, who we are.
Because it's not just
coming and testing us,
it's making us grow up.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
I've had a chance to
interview numerous times
Michael Horn, who's the US
representative for Billy
Meier of Switzerland.
Billy just turned 83 years old.
He's the one who has taken
some incredible UFO photographs
for years and years and years.
He's escaped 20-some
assassination attempts
on his life.
Truly remarkable.
What do you think of
the Billy Meier case?
>>HARRIS: Well, I don't think.
I had to go out and
research it, because I don't
know how to operate on opinion.
When I was in Italy,
three Italians and I--
>>NOORY: You're cold and
calculated, aren't you?
>>HARRIS: Yeah-- no--
well, because, opinion--
it's like, opinion
based on what?
On what people say?
Because, George those pictures
couldn't be photoshopped.
That's 1970.
Photoshop came--
>>NOORY: They didn't have
that kind of stuff then.
>>HARRIS: No.
1992 was Photoshop.
I mean, use logic.
Photoshop is '92.
1974, these pictures come out.
But more than that, I went
to see Wendellee Stephens--
Colonel Wendellee Stephens.
And I sat with him for five
hours in the Tucson airport
for him to tell me about
his research on Meier.
And he told me.
He said, I lived there.
He said, they would call him.
He said it was snowing.
Billy would go out the door.
His footprints would
disappear after--
>>NOORY: Disappear?
>>HARRIS: --from the snow.
You see his footprints,
then you see no footprints.
>>NOORY: Where'd they go?
>>HARRIS: They took him.
And he said they would call--
and he would call, and he
was, like, five towns over,
and they had to go
and retrieve him.
>>NOORY: Amazing.
>>HARRIS: So the
guy is not lying.
Wendellee is not lying.
I think he's one of the greatest
researchers that ever lived.
>>NOORY: He's very good.
>>HARRIS: Oh, he was amazing.
And he's Colonel--
he was a colonel.
The thing is that, when he did
that story with Brit and Lee
Elders, they lived there.
They did it well.
So when I went
with the Italians--
today, Billy Meier is--
he's watched over by FIGU, which
is a group of people that don't
let you very close to him.
>>NOORY: They protect him.
>>HARRIS: They protect him.
And you have to go through them.
And they have-- they
have their own agenda.
I can honestly say I don't
agree with the agenda.
However, I was there
for a whole day.
Anybody can go
there on a Sunday.
It's Schmidrüti.
It's the German
part of Switzerland.
It's open to the general public.
And what happened was, I
was there talking to them
for a long time.
Billy was over in the corner.
And they told me they couldn't
talk to us anymore because they
were going to have a
peace ceremony in German--
because they believe German
is the most perfect language.
And we're Italian.
So I said-- they said, go
down in the Simyazi garden
and come back in an hour.
Well, I went down
with the Italians
and we started
meditating for peace.
And then I see Billy
coming right towards me.
And he's coming-- and I don't
know why he wasn't meditating.
But he came-- and he came really
close to me. he looked at me.
And within minutes, he sent
me with Guido Moosbrugger,
who is the man that wrote the
book on Billy-- he's a doctor--
"And Still They Fly," which I
consider the most valid book
out there.
And what's-his-name,
Moosbrugger, came up and said,
Billy Meier sent
me to talk to you.
He said, I want to answer
any questions you have.
>>NOORY: And he's got one arm.
Billy's got one arm.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
Yeah.
And Guido Moosbrugger,
the doctor,
said, he wants you to have all
your answers that you need,
he said.
Because he doesn't speak
English all that well and he--
And so he spent time with us.
And we saw those
things in the book.
We saw the hole inside the
tree that he had used--
some kind of weapon.
We saw that he
lived in a commune.
We saw a lot of things.
But that's-- and I know that, at
some point, you get the truth,
in ufology, and then you
get the contamination.
So when you get
the contamination,
you throw everything
out, and nobody even
wants to deal with this.
And the situation-- to tell-
>>NOORY: Once it's
contaminated, it's contaminated.
>>HARRIS: It's over.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: It's done.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
And everybody--
hoax, hoax, hoax.
And I say, oh, really?
Oh, really?
Did you bother to see why you
would bother with one arm?
And did you know that Billy
Meier spent years in India,
just like Adamsky did?
Both of them spent
years in India.
So they are perfect for
contact because they
have that mentality.
And then I do believe
Colonel Wendelle Stevens--
he worked on the case.
And the excuse they use is,
the pictures are too good.
That's a great excuse.
It was staged, because
the Pleiadians wanted
to stage the photography.
>>NOORY: Speaking
of pictures, we've
got three stills
that Billy has taken.
Let's look at some of them.
Let's look at this first
Billy Meier picture.
You've seen this one
before, haven't you?
I've seen it.
I went to the place
where it was taken.
Because I went to three
different locations
where these photos were taken.
I wanted to see,
myself, the locations.
And they're gorgeous.
>>NOORY: Was this
taken in Switzerland?
>>HARRIS: Yes.
Mhm.
Exact location.
>>NOORY: What kind
of a craft is that?
>>HARRIS: Well, they say that--
you have to look at what
he says that they told him.
It was a scout
craft of some kind.
But they had different models.
And it was staged.
I mean, a stage--
in other words, is they
said, set up your camera.
We're going to do it
for you so that you're
going to go out and tell the
outside world that we exist.
Because people say
it's too clear,
they're too good-- of course.
Because there was
an agenda behind it.
And the agenda was
that, in the 1970s,
that we open up ufology to the
idea that human-type aliens--
human-- because that's--
Semjase and her father,
are visiting the planet.
>>NOORY: It looks like
a Roman church cathedral
at the top of that thing.
Doesn't it?
You expect the pope to come
out of that little hole.
>>HARRIS: It is
very ornate, yes.
>>NOORY: Actually, it
looks like there's an ET
standing on the top of it.
>>HARRIS: Actually,
I never saw that.
>>NOORY: You see
that little thing?
>>HARRIS: Yes.
It seems like a person.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
Looks like a little
person standing up there.
>>HARRIS: On the
left-hand side, right?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
Yeah.
>>HARRIS: That's the first--
George, it's the first
time I've seen that.
>>NOORY: That's amazing.
>>HARRIS: That's amazing.
It seems like a person standing
right on the top of it.
>>NOORY: Let's take a look
at the second picture we've
got here of Billy Meier and
get your thoughts on this one.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
That one--
>>NOORY: This is dramatic.
>>HARRIS: And this is dramatic.
But there are three different
ones, and they say, oh, no,
what they did was take a
model and just shove it
on the side of the tree.
No, because there
are three other ones
of it going around the tree.
And then when I was
there, they showed me
movies of that particular craft
with the highway underneath
and the cars going
on the highway.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
Exactly.
>>HARRIS: I said,
where are the movies?
And they said, we sold
them to the Japanese.
So the Japanese got all
of Billy Meier's movies.
They got the piece of metal.
They got the photographs.
And I found out, in my
research, that if there's
something that's this
clear, the Japanese
are the first to come
and buy everything.
>>NOORY: Let's look
at the third photo.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
I went to this place.
>>NOORY: That's one
of my favorites.
>>HARRIS: I actually stood
here, without the craft,
with my three Italian friends.
And we're looking at this,
and we're taking pictures
without the craft,
because I wanted
to see-- there is no
way there's a fishhook.
There is no way
that's superimposed.
We're dealing with 1970s.
Again, this was staged to tell
the world that this was real.
But then the Swiss
government did not
like all the pilgrims
that went up there.
Because when you do that,
then everybody in the world
gets in their cameras
and goes up there.
Swiss government is
not excited about that.
And right away, the story
is going to be killed.
And so unfortunately, that's
what happened with Billy Meier.
But I suggest people read
"And Still They Fly,"
because that is the book that
really covers the details.
>>NOORY: Paola, his
ex-wife, Kalliope,
claims that some of these
photographs have been hoaxed.
Michael Horn tells me
it's a woman scorned.
>>HARRIS: Yes.
No, I know.
Because we made a mistake.
We filmed a child while we were
there that we didn't realize
was his daughter by somebody
who he had an affair
with inside the commune.
>>NOORY: Yes.
The wife got really upset.
>>HARRIS: Yes, the
wife was not excited.
This has happened with a
lot of contactees, George,
unfortunately, even
with a lot of--
>>NOORY: Can't blame her, maybe.
You can't--
>>HARRIS: No.
>>NOORY: --blame her for
being upset about it.
>>HARRIS: Because
it was a commune.
And we saw this child,
and they told us
later, no, that's his daughter
by this woman he had an affair
with inside the commune.
Because there were
women and men.
>>NOORY: While still married.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
This happens.
>>NOORY: That explains it.
>>HARRIS: I agree with Michael.
I know it's fact.
I saw the child.
I understand how a
woman could be angry.
And it's not the first
contactee this has happened to.
Sometimes they're not very wise.
And doesn't mean, just
because you're a contactee,
you're pure, wonderful,
saint-like, and so forth.
And I think that was a mistake.
But his son Methuselah
supports him.
So what do you say?
I mean, the wife may be upset,
but the son supports him 100%.
>>NOORY: His son backs him up.
>>HARRIS: Yes.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
What does the field
of you followed
to say about Billy Meier?
>>HARRIS: Oh, they
won't even look at it.
And neither will--
>>NOORY: They don't
think anything's weird.
>>HARRIS: --a lot
of the guys that I
work with that are top-level
ufologists that are scientists.
They won't even-- they
say Billy Meier hoax.
And I feel like saying, when
you made the judgment like that,
how how deep have you
gone into this story?
When you decide if something
is a hoax or not, how deep--
have you been there?
Have you talked to the person?
Have you made your own judgment?
And a lot of times, George,
though-- you know this.
If you're talking to
somebody face-to-face--
I did the Charles Hall case.
I was the first to
want to do that.
>>NOORY: Right.
That was a huge case.
>>HARRIS: It took me two years.
You can tell, by
looking at them,
if they're telling
the truth or not.
>>NOORY: Yes.
You get a real good impression.
Unless they're very pathological
and good at it, you can tell.
So you went to Sardinia.
>>HARRIS: I went
with Regina Meredith
and the crew, Freddy Silva.
Because I couldn't do
forbidden archaeology.
That's not my expertise.
So Luigi said, Paola,
bring people back.
His father and his uncle
had died, but thank god,
I had them on audiotape.
And I took Regina Meredith and
Freddy Silva, and the crew,
and we went there.
>>NOORY: And from her
show on "Open Minds,"
she's got a little clip
of this amazing evidence.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: This
season on "Open Minds,"
I've teamed up with
Freddy Silva, author
and world-renowned
expert on sacred sites,
Paola Harris, investigative
journalist and author
in the field of
extraterrestrial-related
phenomena, local Sardinia
guide Rosella Lodo,
and Luigi Muscas, a
leading researcher
on giant bones in Sardinia
who has discovered evidence
pointing to the connection
between the island of Sardinia
and the ancient
culture of Atlantis.
Their elaborate stone sites--
roughly 7,000 of them--
are sprinkled all over the
island, revealing tombs, bones,
and highly sophisticated
architecture.
It's speculated that
people from Atlantis,
including a giant
race of people,
emigrated to Sardinia, with
their great knowledge leaving
their tombs and temples--
called naragi-- behind.
With help from a team
of remote viewers,
led by Angela Thompson,
local Sardinia legends,
and the writings of Edgar
Cayce and Ruth Montgomery,
we uncover a deeper
understanding of these giants,
their naragi, and the
mystery surrounding
their incredible
history on this island.
>>LUIGI MUSCAS: We're
taking little bread crumbs
to try to make a wonderful
loaf of bread out of it.
>>MEREDITH: The
message that there
may have been highly
sophisticated cultures
before our current time
begs many questions
that we've been grappling with.
Why did they disappear?
And how many more are there
buried under the sands of time?
>>NOORY: I think the world
of Freddy Silva, Paola.
Isn't he a great guy?
>>HARRIS: It was wonderful
to be with them, yes.
>>NOORY: Now, they were
talking about bone samples?
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
Well, you saw
Luigi in this clip.
And basically, he brought
them to the actual cave
where he saw the
entire skeleton.
But on his property,
they unearthed
actual pieces of femur,
of shoulder, of teeth.
>>NOORY: How big was this giant?
>>HARRIS: 15 feet.
15 feet.
Fully assembled, 15 feet.
And so Luigi has these
precious artifacts.
And he gave me a sample--
>>NOORY: No way.
>>HARRIS: --of a femur.
Yes.
Which, in the end,
needs to be tested--
from the giants
that lived there.
Now, that is a reality.
That isn't a
hypothetical situation.
>>NOORY: We need to
keep it in the case
because I don't want
to contaminate it.
>>HARRIS: Yeah, that
is it a sterile--
>>NOORY: I'll be the
DNA giant evidence.
>>HARRIS: It is a
sterile environment,
because it needs to be.
And that's how
science works, really.
It needs to be looked
at for the DNA.
We know it's a reality because
we have witness testimony,
as we do with UFOs, which
is the most important thing.
Thank god that I talked to
his father and his uncle, who
saw these bones also--
to other people that
came from all over.
And they had-- in
the trunk of the car,
they had giant bones
from on their property.
Because Sardinia is not
a very populated island.
>>NOORY: No, it's not.
>>HARRIS: So I'm going
back this summer, George.
Because Luigi wants to talk to
me about UFO sightings there.
>>NOORY: Well, that's
interesting too.
Might these giants
be UFO inhabitants?
>>HARRIS: He thinks
they're from the stars.
>>NOORY: That could
be interesting.
>>HARRIS: People from the stars.
He calls them the
people from the stars.
And he said he has seen tubes
come down from the sky--
of light.
And he said, Polly,
the paranormal stuff
that happens around here,
you'd never believe.
It's also dimension
portholes-- portals.
It's all of it.
And he asked me to come back.
He said, on a personal level,
I'd like you to come back,
and we'll talk
about the UFO part.
And I thought, yeah.
I'm not good, maybe, at
the archeological part,
but I certainly am
interested in UFOs.
>>NOORY: Yes, you are.
Why does it seem that
there's a shroud of secrecy
about giants throughout
the history of this planet?
I mean, we're told that
the Smithsonian has giants
in the basement-- skeletons.
But everything's suppressed.
This is a great story.
Why don't you just
come public with it?
>>HARRIS: Actually, with all
the history of the planet,
we would have to rewrite it.
And it would be a problem for
those institutions that have
what they think is the truth.
As far as the Smithsonian,
Italy did a show on it
and actually showed
the assembled, 15
foot-tall skeleton they have.
So Italy was even--
>>NOORY: They look
human-like, right?
>>HARRIS: Oh, yeah.
It's just a human figure--
>>NOORY: Just a big,
human-looking person.
>>HARRIS: Yeah, but then what?
We're going to go look
at Greek mythology.
And we're going to look at the
stories of Greek mythology,
and we're going,
is that history?
Was that real?
And then the problem that
archaeologists have is,
they don't know
where to fit it in.
They don't know--
because they're
looking at life as
linear, and they
don't know where to fit
in-- this is an anomaly.
It doesn't belong there.
So it's just like
UFOs are an anomaly.
They don't belong there.
So it's easier to
take them all away.
And they did, in Sardinia.
Luigi told me, there's
a couple of rooms
where he's seen the skeletons--
the head of these beings, that
they're keeping them hidden.
Because it doesn't fit in
to mainstream anything.
And when you have
that, then people
start questioning our origins.
And as you know, questioning
our origins is a problem.
>>NOORY: What do the
people of Sardinia
say about these apparent giants?
>>HARRIS: They're used to it.
They find them in their fields.
There's stories about them.
And I think Freddy
Silva covers it too.
Because there's a
theory that there
were survivors of Atlantis
that landed in Sardinia.
Because they have a culture
that refers to Atlantis,
to advanced technologies.
So our history of the planet
that you read in history books
needs to be rewritten.
It's all mixed up.
There's big gaps.
There's new discoveries
that somehow--
maybe past our lifetimes--
will be put in to fulfill
the mystery, to look
at the whole entire picture.
>>NOORY: That is amazing.
Truly amazing.
When you go back
there, are you going
to look for anything specific?
>>HARRIS: Well, I'm
interested in the UFO part.
And Luigi was
telling me there are
places where there's sightings--
very clear daylight sightings
>>NOORY: Ongoing?
>>HARRIS: Yeah, ongoing.
>>NOORY: Oh, you might
be able to witness one.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
And when I was there, at
night-- around midnight,
what happens is, I've had
several military men come in
from the NATO bases
and tell me they've
had sightings over the base.
So I go, OK, what are they
doing over the NATO bases?
What are UFOs doing over NATO
bases in the Mediterranean?
I don't think they
go there on vacation.
>>NOORY: It's a power play.
It's a power play.
>>HARRIS: It's saying, yeah--
>>NOORY: They want us--
>>HARRIS: Here we are.
>>NOORY: --to know,
here we are, and there's
nothing you can do about it.
I've interviewed
Robert Hastings before,
who's talked about UFOs
over our missile silos.
There's nothing we can do.
They shut them down.
>>HARRIS: That's exactly right.
And there's lot going
on in the Mediterranean.
And the sightings, the men
that come in to speak to me--
and, of course, I just
take their testimony--
say it's amazing, because
we don't know what to do.
You can't do anything.
What do you want to do?
It's a sighting.
They didn't bomb you.
They didn't do anything.
They didn't dismantle anything.
Right now, even though I
think that the Robert Salas
and Hastings have real
information that the world
should know, that maybe
whoever is visiting us
is giving us a message.
>>NOORY: Maybe they're
trying to protect our future.
>>HARRIS: I hope we
protect our future.
>>NOORY: I'm not
sure we're going
to be able to do that
without some help.
Not in the direction
we've been going.
When you were in Sardinia,
were you in awe with the things
that they told you?
>>HARRIS: Yes.
The archaeological part
doesn't fit into anything I do.
So I gave that to
other people to study.
But the UFO part--
>>NOORY: Michael Cremo would
have been great for that, too.
>>HARRIS: Yeah, and Klaus Dona.
Klaus Dona actually
kept in touch with us
and said, what did you find out?
What did you find out?
He's in the
Philippines right now.
And I want people to
know, I just do one thing.
I do the UFO thing.
So even though I
helped with that,
I don't have a background.
I'm not an authority on it.
But I am interested
in the sightings,
the timing of the
sightings, where they are.
Because I think that
all of this gives us
a very clear and present
message that we are still
being visited.
>>NOORY: And when were you
and Regina in Sardinia?
>>HARRIS: Last May.
The end of May, the
beginning of June.
And the person that
took us around,
Rosella, is a very
close friend of mine.
So I'm going to be
seeing her again.
And the secret is to go to
the people that live there.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>HARRIS: And they know
everything, because it's
word-of-mouth tradition.
>>NOORY: And why would they lie?
Why would they lie?
>>HARRIS: They're not
used to television,
and they're not used to media.
>>NOORY: They don't
want a lot of people
trooping through there
and stuff like that.
>>HARRIS: No, they don't.
They don't want it to
become a tourist attraction
with t-shirts and
all that stuff.
That is their history.
And that's why, George, I
have transferred my research
to Latin America.
>>NOORY: You have done that now?
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
I don't work in
the States anymore.
>>NOORY: I did not know that.
>>HARRIS: Because,
for me, in the field--
and I've been in
it for 40 years--
it's become too much of
an entertainment field.
I need to talk to the peasants,
to the workers, to the farmers,
to the old people.
I need to speak--
>>NOORY: Serious research.
Serious research.
>>HARRIS: Well, they
don't have any agenda.
I was in Peru.
I was in near
Huascaran in Ancash,
and I'm in a bed and breakfast.
Very, very Spartan place.
And the lady is cooking a meal.
And I walk over to her-- she's
got one of those kerchiefs on.
She's all bent over.
And I say, did you ever
see an extraterrestrial?
She says, yeah.
She says, they have a
base on that mountain
over there, Huascaran.
She says, and when my
children were 10 years old,
two spacemen came into their
bedroom to talk to them.
She's not lying.
I said, two spacemen came
into your children's bedroom?
And she said, well,
we're used to that.
She said, they come while
we're working in the fields.
We see them-- we see their
ships during the day.
And I'm going, really?
And I have to go to those
places, where those people who
have nothing to lose are
telling me about what's
going on in Latin America.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
I had a chance to investigate a
friend of yours, Jaime Maussan,
about what is called the
Friendship Case in Italy.
>>JAIME MAUSSAN: It was very
difficult for them to talk.
I mean, it was very--
they didn't want to.
But Bruno Sammaciccia,
the man who
was the leader of this
group, died in 2003.
And he asked them
now to open the case.
And the first one was the
Stefano Breccia in 2007.
And that's when the world
learned about this case.
It's very important that
American investigators--
field investigators--
got interested in this
case, go to Italy,
and tried to convince themselves
how important this case was.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>MAN: For some time
now, Jaime Maussan
has been traveling to
Italy to find and interview
the participants of what could
be the largest mass contact
program in the
history of humanity.
It was known as Amicizia, which
means friendship in Italian.
For decades,
starting in the '50s,
politicians,
university professors,
and citizens of Italy
were contacted by beings
from a different world.
The ETs were on
Earth on a mission
to help humanity evolve to
their next spiritual level.
The many witnesses
and participants
of the program filmed
flying craft, flew with ETs,
and even learned their language.
Jaime has been following
the case for many years.
According to the
witness testimonies,
other alien factions
that idolized science
attempted, on
numerous occasions,
to bring the project down.
The conflict led to a plethora
of paranormal phenomena
in the Adriatic Sea and
over the Italian skies.
>>NOORY: What do you
think of that case?
>>HARRIS: I covered that case.
I lived in Italy
from '92 to 2007,
when I returned to
the United States.
And Stefano Breccia that's
there gave me all the material.
And I interviewed Gaspare
de Lama at Lake Como.
I have it on my YouTube channel.
And he and his wife were part
of the agreement, the Amicizia,
which means friendship.
Amicizia.
And they were part of that.
And I went to Lake
Como to interview them.
I saw Paolo Di Girolamo
there, who has since died.
He lived in Rome.
I interviewed him.
And the only other researcher
other than Jaime Maussan--
and we talked about him
earlier as a journalist--
was Timothy Good.
Nobody else bothered
to go there to--
and it's in Timothy Good's book,
"Earth and Alien Enterprise."
But nobody bothers
with foreign cases.
And I knew Stefano
Breccia, so I was
able to follow all of
those people there,
talk to them personally.
Which shocked me
was this, George.
That was 1956.
In 1956, we had
human-type beings--
aliens-- interacting with 10
Italians on the Adriatic Coast.
In 1985, we had
human-type beings
interacting with people
off of the coast of Chile.
And that's the Chilean
friendship case in '85.
And I just came back
from there in September,
and I interviewed the people
that were involved in that case
to try to look at how similar
both cases were 20 years later.
>>NOORY: Were they similar?
>>HARRIS: Not really.
The ones in Chile
were scientists.
They were on an island.
They were Germanic-looking.
In fact, they call themselves
Carl, and the woman was Greta,
and they were blonde-haired,
blue-eyed people.
They said they were
extraterrestrial and interacted
with Octavio Ortiz.
But the mystery
around that, you know,
is that the Germans were also
in that area after World War II.
And I'm wondering what
the connection was.
Those beings were scientists.
They were on the
island of Chiloe.
And when I was
interviewing Octavio Ortiz,
he told me they protected
the Challenger disaster a day
before it happened.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>HARRIS: So I'm going, how
could they know these things?
And then, of course, NASA goes
down to check on this case.
Because I think
there are agencies
that are taking these
cases seriously.
So I interviewed the Italian
friendship-- this friendship--
basically because
my interest is in
human-type extraterrestrials,
not just in abductions.
And unfortunately,
that's one of the reasons
I'm not working a lot here.
Because I don't want it to be
an abduction-focused field.
We have ETs that look
like us walking among us.
>>NOORY: Have you ever had
contact yourself, Paola?
>>HARRIS: I don't talk
about it very much.
Yes, with a Latin
American situation.
With Ricardo Gonzalez,
who has just done--
>>NOORY: What happened?
>>HARRIS: --who has just done
some series here for Gaia.
He asked me-- invited me
to a forest in Shasta,
where I saw standing before me
a 10 foot-tall spaceman dressed
in a space outfit.
>>NOORY: How close was he?
>>HARRIS: I don't know
in feet wise, but like,
from here to the wall.
So it's maybe 500--
>>NOORY: Were you scared?
>>HARRIS: Oh, I had
PTSD for two years.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>HARRIS: Yes.
>>NOORY: Did he
communicate with you?
>>HARRIS: Yes, he did.
>>NOORY: What did he say?
>>HARRIS: And there were
seven people present.
Ricardo wasn't there.
He told me couldn't come.
But, yeah, there were women.
>>NOORY: Did the ET
know who you were?
>>HARRIS: Oh, he
asked me to come.
He asked me.
I was invited.
I didn't believe
it and I thought
Ricardo was wanting publicity.
And the problem was that I don't
camp, and those people camp.
And they fast.
>>NOORY: 10 foot?
>>HARRIS: Oh, yeah.
He was tall.
In fact, he was--
I could see on the tree, he
was standing next to the tree,
how tall he was.
And I couldn't-- it was
not anything I ever saw,
so I had trouble.
I had trouble.
I thought I was going crazy.
I said, that's impossible.
>>NOORY: Were you
excited about this?
>>HARRIS: No, I was scared.
>>NOORY: You, the greatest
researcher of all time--
>>HARRIS: I was scared.
>>NOORY: --was scared?
Because it wasn't anything--
nobody prepares you
for these things.
So he's talking to me for
3 minutes in a language
I don't understand.
He sounds like an echo.
He sounds like I'm
hearing a bullhorn--
somebody behind a bullhorn.
At the very end of three
minutes, he looks at me
and he says, (MONOTONE)
"Thank you," like a robot.
Turns around with
one fell swoop--
he did it one fell swoop--
and walked into the forest.
>>NOORY: And disappeared.
>>HARRIS: And kept walking.
It was 11:00 at night, so--
>>NOORY: You were going
to go walk after him?
>>HARRIS: Oh, no, no.
No.
>>NOORY: See, I would have.
>>HARRIS: No, no, no.
>>NOORY: What was his name?
Did he have a name?
>>HARRIS: Antarel.
Antarel comes from Apu,
that base in the mountain I
was just talking about.
>>NOORY: The extraterrestrial's
name was Antanel?
>>HARRIS: Antarel.
Antarel.
And Ricardo, whom you've
recorded here at Gaia,
will talk about his
contact with Antarel,
and that he's had contact
with this human-type being.
And the base is in the
Ancash part of Peru.
So that's why I went there.
I didn't have contact
there or anything,
but I wanted to see
where the base was.
And this being had invited
me as part of a-- there
was seven of us.
And he had invited me to be
there, but I didn't believe it.
I couldn't-- it was
not in my reality.
You've got to
understand, when you're
looking at something that is
not part of your reality--
>>NOORY: Sure.
It's hard.
Did you think somebody was
playing a game with you?
>>HARRIS: No.
I knew it was real.
But then I had to
question everything.
It's like, is this reality?
Did I hear this?
Am I going crazy?
>>NOORY: I thought you
could handle anything--
>>HARRIS: No.
>>NOORY: --with what
you've gone through.
>>HARRIS: No, no.
No.
>>NOORY: Are you glad
this happened to you?
>>HARRIS: Yes, because then
it made me look at the fact
that we, as researchers,
don't know everything,
and that those beings
out there know about us.
And the "thank you," Ricardo
said, was not for work--
this happened in 2014--
that I did in the past.
It was for what I was
going to do in the future.
Because they're time travelers.
This being is a time traveler.
He can see the future.
He's warned about
CERN in Switzerland.
He's warned about ecological
disaster on this planet,
that we're going to do
ourselves in ecologically.
Because they've already seen
it happen on one timeline.
And so I'm looking at the
messages that are still coming,
but I never--
what the story is, is that I--
this happened at the
very end of three days.
I couldn't wait to
get out of there--
in Shasta.
Because I don't camp.
I was freezing.
And I couldn't take it.
>>NOORY: The weather
was tough for you.
>>HARRIS: Oh, a one-man tent,
and you're freezing to death,
and there's no food?
I couldn't wait to
get out of there.
It was at the very end
when the craft flew over.
And Ricardo over to me and
said, can you handle this?
And I had a split
second to decide
if I was going to go there.
Because I had to walk down
a hill without flashlight
with these women that
didn't speak English.
So I'm going, OK, I'll
say yes, but I don't
know what's going to happen.
And this-- I don't talk
about it very much, George.
I just don't.
>>NOORY: This is the first
time I've ever heard of it.
>>HARRIS: I don't talk
about it very much.
>>NOORY: It's a dramatic case.
>>HARRIS: I know, but
it's not about me.
I don't want to be known--
I want to be known as a
really good investig--
>>NOORY: But you know what?
That will make you a better
investigative reporter.
Paola, thanks for being
on "Beyond Belief."
>>HARRIS: Thank you, George.
>>NOORY: We can always
count on Paola Harris
for the latest in her
investigative journalism.
To find out more about
her Sardinia discoveries,
check out the latest
season of "Open Minds"
and follow Paola on her
adventures at her website--
and I'll spell it to you--
P-A-O-L-A- Harris,
H-A-R-R-I-S-- paolaharris.com.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]